[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_type_shipping_policy (#988)
OCA/wms: stock_picking_type_shipping_policy/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

By default Odoo takes the Shipping Policy set in the procurement group,
or fallbacks on the one configured on the Operation Type.

This module adds a Force Shipping Policy field on Operations Types to ensure
transfers will take the policy according to their types, ignoring the one set
on the Procurement Group.

> This is especially useful if you use a pick-pack-ship setup with the
> release of operation (`stock_available_to_promise_release`) module along
> side with the `stock_dynamic_routing` that may split operations by zone
> of the warehouse. In that case, you want to be sure the pack operations
> will wait all different picks to be processed before releasing the
> availability of the pack operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially useful if you use a multi-steps setup (like pick-pack-ship) and you want the pick and/or pack operation to wait for all goods to be available no matter what was the sales shipping policy.
```

Author: Done in the new PR
